# Meta-Meetup 2019-10-22

## Agenda

- Reflection of the last meetup
- Action items from last meeting:
  - create print templates for signage (Angela)
  - Ask Feli for contacts to dev advocates (Lea)
- Meetup.com pricing model changes
- Sharing Twitter credentials and strategy
- Create list of next meetup dates
- XMAS special meetup
- Plan the next meetup

## Participants

Björn Brauer, Daniel Dembach, Angela Galliat, Emanuel Kluge, Deniz Okcu, Lea Rosema

## Minutes

### Reflection of the last meetup (Wunder)

- __(i)__ We had only one proposal available for that day, thankfully Martin spontaneously jumped in to give a second talk
- __(d)__ We will try to increase our communication efforts through twitter & slack and post more regularly call for papers
- __(i)__ The talks and location (Wunder) were great and feedback was positive
- __(i)__ Sometimes Q&A sessions drag out between a few participants and the speaker by sliding into a back and forth questioning
- __(d)__ We will try to be more aware of these situations and when they happen redirect them to conversations during the breaks

### Action items from last meeting

- __(a)__ Ask Feli for contacts to dev advocates (Lea)

### Meetup.com pricing model changes

- __(d)__ We don't see this as very urgent right now and will revisit this topic if and when the changes actually affect us

### Sharing twitter credentials and strategy

- __(i)__ The credentials should be shared across all organizers
- __(d)__ We don't need a communication strategy for now, Emanuel will take the lead of tweeting regularly

### Create list of next meetup dates

- __(i)__ A proposed continuation is pending https://github.com/hamburg-js/proposals/pull/20

### XMAS special

- __(a)__ Ask Feli if she wants to join us in organizing a XMAS special meetup (Lea)
- __(a)__ Ask Feli if we can host that meetup at SinnerSchrader (Lea)
- __(d)__ It would be nice to get a "special" speaker, for example some developer relations expert
- __(a)__ Ask Feli for contacts to developer advocates which we could invite to the XMAS special (Lea)
- __(d)__ Possible dates would be in CW 51 (16.12. - 19.12.)

### Upcoming meetup

- __(a)__ We will start the talk selection poll in one week (Björn)
- __(i)__ Our host will be Uptain who are in contact with Daniel
- __(a)__ Create event on meetup.com with time table and information about talks (Daniel)
- __(a)__ Deniz will create a proposal for a new talk format / discussion round about "spec deep dive"
- __(a)__ Emanuel will send out tweets to announce the new meetup and ask for lightning talks
- __(a)__ In order to get more reach, we encourage everyone to post the proposals repository in their company internal developer groups
- __(a)__ Daniel will MC the next event

### Other

- __(a)__ Deniz will check with his company to host one of the upcoming events
- __(a)__ Check whether it is feasible to rent a boat (Barkasse) and have a special meetup on the Elbe
