# Meta-Meetup 2019-05-16

## Agenda

- Talk selection
- Responsibilities for 23.05.
  - MC'ing
  - Greeting
  - Counting participants
  - CoC person
- Lightning talks..?
- Howtos/Riders/FAQ for..:
  - speakers
  - sponsors
  - participants

## Participants

Björn Brauer, Daniel Dembach, Angela Galliat, Lea Rosema, Tobias Weinert

## Minutes

### Talk selection

- __(i)__ everyone of the orga team has a vote on talks, regardless of whether they will attend the meetup in question
- __(d)__ we decided to take three talks for the May meetup, because we feel the time was too short to collect lightning talks and set up the npm route
  - the talks that were decided upon: hamburg-js/proposals#4, hamburg-js/proposals#7, hamburg-js/proposals#8

### Responsibilities for the next meetup

- __(i)__ responsibilities will be assigned per meetup - anyone can take a role
- __(a)__ we need to update the berlincodeofconduct.org website with current information
  - Martin Kleppe should be removed as a contact person
  - Angela would be interested to be listed as a CoC contact
  - Tobias would be interested to be listed as a CoC contact
- __(i)__ for the May meetup there will be Martin Kleppe and Daniel and Rebecca Dembach as CoC contact persons
- __(a)__ Daniel will be MC'ing the May meetup
- __(a)__ We want to have a group of organizers greeting the attendees at the location
  - While we are at XING it might make sense to have one or more persons positioned at difficult to navigate areas (downstairs at the elevator or at the top floor / entrance to the room)
- __(d)__ the greeting team will take care of counting the attendees
- __(d)__ we would like the organizers team members to stand out and be identifyable and therefore want to have badges with our names
  - __(a)__ Angela offered to create some design proposals for the name badges
  - __(a)__ Daniel and Björn will ask the XING office management for name tags
  - __(a)__ Tobias offered to try to find name tags too
- __(a)__ Daniel will send out reminder emails to ask attendees to update their RSVP

### Lightning Talks

- __(d)__ we want to collect lightning talk proposals through a slimmed down issue template
  - __(a)__ Daniel will create a PR with an issue template to collect lightning talk proposals
- __(a)__ [tbc] do we also want to allow spontaneous talks at the time of the meetup?

### Howtos/Riders/FAQ

- __(a)__ Daniel and Björn will create an initial PR for the Riders/FAQ

### Other

- __(a)__ we want to introduce the present organizing team members per meetup on stage
- __(a)__ [tbc] we started discussing the pros/cons of the waitlist and seat limits
  - we usually see a very high no-show rate
  - it might make sense to set the seat limits higher than the available seats to acommodate the high no-show rate
  - a full meetup / a meetup with a waitlist could deter people from joining
  - on the other hand: in case of a limitless meetup we could see even higher no-show rates
  - continue discussion next time
- __(a)__ Björn will create a doodle for the next orga meeting which should take place in the first week of June