# Meta-Meetup 2019-04-17

## Agenda

- Communication with other meetups (Angular, Node, React, …)
- Alternative formats/recurring elements [re-phrase maybe…]
- Decide on core orga team membership
- Decide on meetup interval (every 1 or 2 months)
- orga meeting interval
- Decide on meetup dates for the rest of the year
- Decide on CFP process: Google Forms / Github / etc., democratic decisions
  - Responsibility: Implement CFP process
- Decide on role/scope of sponsoring \[tbc\]

## Participants

Björn Brauer, Daniel Dembach, Angela Galliat, Emanuel Kluge, Felix Gnass, Deniz Okcu, Lea Rosema, \[tweini\]

## Minutes

### Communication with other meetups (Angular, Node, React, …)

- __(d)__ our focus is to revive HH.js
- __(a)__ we consider to make cooperation meetups with cross-cutting topics
- __(d)__ besides we try to reach out to the other meetups via Slack if we see a possibility of a "topic collision"

### Alternative formats/recurring elements [re-phrase maybe…]

- __(i)__ Lightning talks are considered a good format
- __(a)__ npm roulette in combination with a wheel of fortune — like it has been done before — would be nice; maybe regularly even
- [add more here…]

### Decide on core orga team membership

__(d)__ we want to stick with the nine persons we're currently having in the team

### Decide on meetup interval

- __(d)__ We want to rotate the weekdays, so the meetup is not strictly taking place e.g. every Thursday
- __(d)__ We want to host meetups every other month until the end of the year with the option to push in spontaneous irregular meetups into the months between
- __(a)__ we will propose a few possible starting dates and have the community decide on it via Slack, Github or whatever
- __(a)__ It makes sense to count the actual participants on the events to get a feel for how good the RSVP process is working with meetup.com

### Decide on orga meeting interval

- __(d)__ We'll meet every other week
- __(a)__ We'll use Doodle for finding the next dates
- __(a)__ A video conferencing option would be nice, we try to provide that for every orga meeting

### Decide on CFP process

- __(d)__ We want to use Github issues in combination with a curation done by the core orga team
- __(a)__ Daniel will set up a first version of an issue template with an accompanying README
- __(i)__ For the beginning our focus is set on the "common" talks
- __(a)__ Felix will set up a npm roulette
- __(a)__ We'll try to include low-threshold elements into the events to empower people to participate more

### Decide on role/scope of sponsoring

- __(d)__ We're against entrance fees, the meetups should be free & open to everybody
- __(a)__ We have to find an agreement on how we want to handle alcoholic beverages on meetups
- __(a)__ \[tbc\]
